Smelly security guard dead security guard
Disgusting
Your lord
I'm sorry for you, I passed away in my life
If you don't marry
brother
I was ruined by a little security guard
Jane, you stinky security guard still wants to be my bodyguard
Go to hell.
Mom, I'm going to work.
Remember to protect Xuerou well
Don't let down Uncle Shen's expectations for you
Ah, I see.
Mr. Shen, get out of here
I don't want to see you again
Shen Xuelu, don't be ignorant
My patience is limited
Otherwise, what else do you want?
To be honest, even though I slept with you
But it's really for your dad's sake
I sacrificed myself
Don't feel that you are at a disadvantage
It was incredible.
Enough is enough, you want to cling to the rich and powerful to change your destiny
You're pretending to be disgusting.
I don't need your protection
Go away by yourself
You told me to get out
Don't regret it.